Docs: Auditing updates (#30433)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/auditing.md

Audit logs contain the following fields. The fields followed by **\*** are always available, the others depends on the type of action logged.

| Field name | Type | Description |
| ---------- | ---- | ----------- |
| `timestamp`\* | string | The date and time the request was made, in coordinated universal time (UTC) using the [RFC3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5.6) format. |
| `user`\* | object | Information about the user that made the request. At least one of the `UserID` / `ApiKeyID` fields will not be empty if `isAnonymous=false`. |
| `user.userId` | number | ID of the Grafana user that made the request. |
| `user.orgId`\* | number | Current organization of the user that made the request. |
| `user.orgRole` | string | Current role of the user that made the request. |
| `user.name` | string | Name of the Grafana user that made the request. |
| `user.tokenId` | number | ID of the user authentication token. |
| `user.apiKeyId` | number | ID of the Grafana API key used to make the request. |
| `user.isAnonymous`\* | boolean | `true` if an anonymous user made the request, `false` otherwise. |

> | `action`\* | string | The request action (eg. `create`, `update`, `manage-permissions`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `action`\* | string | The request action. For example, `create`, `update`, or `manage-permissions`. |
```

| `request.params` | object | Request path parameters. |
| `request.query` | object | Request query parameters. |
| `request.body` | string | Request body. |
| `result`\* | object | Information about the HTTP response. |
| `result.statusType` | string | `success` if the request action was successful, `failure` otherwise. |
| `result.statusCode` | number | HTTP status of the request. |
| `result.failureMessage` | string | HTTP error message. |
| `result.body` | string | Response body. |
| `resources` | array | Information about the resources that the request action impacted. Can be null for non-resource actions like `login` and `logout`. |
| `resources[x].id`\* | number | ID of the resource. |
| `resources[x].type`\* | string | Type of the resource (logged resources are: `alert`, `alert-notification`, `annotation`, `api-key`, `auth-token`, `dashboard`, `datasource`, `folder`, `org`, `panel`, `playlist`, `report`, `team`, `user`, `version`). |
| `requestUri`\* | string | Request URI. |
| `ipAddress`\* | string | IP address that the request was made from. |
| `userAgent`\* | string | Agent through which the request was made. |

> | `grafanaVersion`\* | string | Grafana current version when this log is created. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `grafanaVersion`\* | string | Current version of Grafana when this log is created. |
```

> | `additionalData` | object | Provide additional information on the request. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `additionalData` | object | Provide additional information about the request. |
```

> | `additionalData` | object | Provide additional information about the request. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `additionalData` | object |  Additional information that can be provided about the request. |
```

Reviewer: Changing this to passive because I am not sure who is doing what, and the structure of the rest of the entries are someone incomplete phrases.

The `additionalData` field can contain the following information:
| Field name | Action | Description |
| ---------- | ------ | ----------- |
| `loginUsername` | `login` | Login used in the Grafana authentication form. |
| `extUserInfo` | `login` |  User information provided by the external system that was used to log in. |
| `authTokenCount` | `login` | Number of active authentication tokens for the user that logged in. |

> | `terminationReason` | `logout` | What causes the user to log out (manual logout, token expiration...)  |     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `terminationReason` | `logout` | The reason why the user logged out, such as a manual logout or a token expiring.  |     
```

**Sessions**

- Log in.

> - Log out (manual log out, token expired/revoked, [SAML Single Log Out]({{< saml.mld#single-logout >}})).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log out (manual log out, token expired/revoked, [SAML Single Log Out]({{< saml.md#single-logout >}})).
```

Reviewer: Vet for accuracy. Is this a typo?
